Add default allowQueriesOnUiThread to true also for SyncConfiguration (#7178)
realm/realm-java: CHANGELOG.md

* None.

### Fixes

> * [SyncConfiguration] The `SyncConfiguration.Builder.allowQueriesOnUiThread` flag was wrongly initialized to `false` keeping users from running queries from the UI thread when using synced Realms. It now defaults to `true`, allowing queries to be run from the UI. See [#7177](https://github.com/realm/realm-java/issues/7177)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [SyncConfiguration] The `SyncConfiguration.Builder.allowQueriesOnUiThread` flag was wrongly initialized to `false` keeping users from running queries from the UI thread when using synced Realms. It now defaults to `true`, allowing queries to be run from the UI. (Issue [#7177](https://github.com/realm/realm-java/issues/7177), since 10.0.0)
```

## 7.0.0 (2020-05-16)

NOTE: This version bumps the Realm file format to version 10. Files created with previous versions of Realm will be automatically upgraded. It is not possible to downgrade to version 9 or earlier. Only [Studio 3.11](https://github.com/realm/realm-studio/releases/tag/v3.11.0) or later will be able to open the new file format.
NOTE: This version bumps the Realm file format to version 10. Files created with previous versions of Realm will be automatically upgraded. It is not possible to downgrade to version 9 or earlier. Only [Studio 3.11](https://github.com/realm/realm-studio/releases/tag/v3.11.0) or later will be able to open the new file format.

> NOTE: This version bumps the Realm file format to version 10. Files created with previous versions of Realm will be automatically upgraded. It is not possible to downgrade to version 9 or earlier. Only [Realm Studio 4](https://github.com/realm/realm-studio/releases/tag/v4.0.0) or later will be able to open the new file format.

Reviewer: This looks like some kind of merge bug. We should only have one entry for this?
